Beauty talks anguish Galleys was with more
a video and good people this video here is
to get more doubts from a galley that
is always using the same good thing
in this video here to decide from time to time
answer is or how are they there?
vocations of the game that each one is vocation
uses the type of weapon that uses which
are the powers then without further ado
a personal side
the first vocation is the fighter who
uses only a normal sword but for the
and a shield has nothing like that.
so special you want to know I do not
I recommend a very good class
use only the shield and sword so let's go
for the second class which is the steroid
Jorge is like I said, some started
can choose fighter history a maggi
I recommend among these three malls
they will be able to use a dagger and a short air
a lot of people ask the conference
registry rangers are based on the
top recommended if you look the same warning
is using your staff is there without
nothing special will be able to do magic
of conjuring some is weak attack
elements so I do not find a class
very strong so this game is horror
that Honore is a very strong class
person who is and who uses the sword
hammer of long war and this classic
or when you deal with it you
earns a lot of hp and remembering this class is
very slow and always uses a very
heavy then it's pros and cons use is you
to earn a lot goes life with
she is light with her and you are going to take
a lot of damage to use but it has changed
this weapon
but if I get really slow and will win
because they are no more than leads with
this is class or else to spend here is
more totally than the rangers is me already
I used a lot of car sales range and
I wear mascara the arc of the rangel frame
long this bow has a lot of staff
mainly the support of lc that I use
has 1,300
66 only damages the bow and now has
1,429 If I'm not mistaken it is and arranges for
me is best class that use has the
powers, she denies that the
software uses dagger but the archaeologist
long strip which is however much damage
an act that has reduced speed
You will not attack arrow so fast.
When you let go, you're from abroad.
murder
people here also have the software that
I recommend to anyone who wants to play
of a class that the magic consortium
The following person is the only one who is
that the half advanced half of us the most and
more days of healing and the software you most
frequent attacks with a
hurricane is an electric storm too
is fire then those who want a
class wizard and aggressive wizard
know your class and missing teams
here misc nardi was for me it's a
best way to play for a long time
but now unfortunately it is not over and
Native whiskeys or it is a very good one
Great class recommended to anyone
Like
he uses the same normal sword person
for which the fighter uses he uses the key and
also uses the steffi that would be the staff
there the magician is also using this and
Good folks are the following here.
besides using these three types of weapons
is not using Mexico
shields is not a normal shell is a
magic circle that repels and blows
magicians is light and dark that repels
magic blow and is a shield difference of
Shield vision always of medium size has
a very cool look for James
knight without speaking in the attacks films that
we have the month brings much everywhere
good tone and do not talk but who wants to use
A Classical Magic and Strength Story
physics a very good class and we go here
next to the famous killer and
many people ask why it is the
classic I'll're talking here person
she uses a dagger uses medium sword sword
it is the same sword that the fact is that the
missionary uses she also uses the bow
arch history course and also uses the
dark shield the fighter
and why this cause so good personal to
this cause all
today venezuela has skills are very
good as the last one that recommends that
you come in the last month the vocation that is
What you become invisible is the
invincibility is a very
good only you not the taking of the enemies
they do not see you
but he likes it a lot, it's more the
invisibility I am is for me it's a
the best skills of the game without
doubt we are here then in
Last call of a thing I played
I think I've been enjoying myself too.
quite a game with this
classy a long time ago now sundays
but as I said I only use rangers more
average art was one thing I played quite a bit
and she uses the spare tire would be the staff
the next people's spell is and is also usa
the dahlia these attack weapons and the bow
staff is the good doctor is a magic bow
Let loose is punches marks of course and
What do I recommend?
art is that who is given is several danni
at the same time medium art books and is
clear with the damage more because it's okay
High also arthur doctor is then I
I think a very good thing here you can
use from here malek the trailer that the rangers
that the killer uses the doctor 's art
also attacked the only ones then I
I recommend to anyone who wants to get and go
Once the doctor receives the art, the
good is a song that asks you head I
speak
the difference of the software through it is
The difference is in your staff the same
car you use on the wizard you can not
use the wizard to recognize a staff
and another type of fucking channel that would be
the cause of the attack would be the sorcerer
So, you have to tell yourself too.
but not only then is this is does not have
mystery tac all game classes
I wanted to know what each one does
type of weapon you use is what kind of
attack is I think it's pretty cool dg da
People always ask one thing.
little chance of using with klose I should not
use I think this video went well
explanatory then personal and if you
liked olic favorite sign up for
channel a big hug to all and went